XMSGAPI; eXtended MSGAPI
Readme

Maintained by Andrew Clarke
E-mail: mail@ozzmosis.com
FidoNet: 3:633/267

Squish MSGAPI is copyright Scott J. Dudley.  All rights reserved.
Modifications released to the public domain.

This archive contains the source code for an "extended" Squish MSGAPI
which can be used to access Squish and SDM (*.MSG or Star Dot MSG)
format message bases.  It is based heavily on the SMAPI 2.2 source code,
which was based on MSGAPI38, which was based on Scott Dudley's original
Squish MsgAPI revision 0.0 (dated 1991-11-17) and portions of the Squish
Developers Kit 2.00 (dated 1994-05-23).

The aim of the XMSGAPI project is to produce a library of highly-
portable functions for accessing Squish and SDM format message bases,
while aiming to provide backward-compatibility with the original MSGAPI
(where practical).

The following is an incomplete list of people who have contributed to
the project (either directly or indirectly):

Tobias Ernst, Paul Edwards, David Begley, Andrew Clarke, Jim Nutt, John
Dennis, Sreenath Chary, Pavel Gulchouck, Fedor Lizunkov, Oliver Grimm,
Alex S. Aganichev

All source code modifications are in the public domain, however some of
the source files in this archive are subject to the restrictions
contained in the MSGAPI licensing agreement.  The licensing agreement is
contained in this archive in the file named LICENCE.  In no event should
you proceed to use any of the source files in this archive without
having accepted the terms of the MSGAPI licensing agreement, or such
other agreement as you are able to reach with the author.


Trademarks

Squish, SquishMail and Maximus are trademarks of Scott J. Dudley.


Release notes

This is the first release of XMSGAPI.  Some new bugs may be introduced.
SDM support has not been tested thoroughly.

This library is based on smapi-2.2, however the code has been cleaned
up, modified, and ported to a number of additional compilers.  Note that
due to unresolved bugs and/or incomplete code in api_jam.c, JAM support
is currently not compiled into the library by default.  Also, it is not
yet possible to generate a DLL of the XMSGAPI.  These issues may be
corrected in a future release.


Installation

See the file INSTALL for compilation and installation instructions.


Support

You can reach the current maintainer of XMSGAPI, Andrew Clarke, via
FidoNet netmail to 3:633/267, in the FidoNet MUFFIN (Maximus Support),
TUB (Squish Support) or FIDOSOFT.HUSKY (Husky Support) conferences, or
send Internet e-mail to mail@ozzmosis.com.

Please send any changes, bug reports or fixes to Andrew via the above
channels.  When sending code changes, context diffs (eg. `diff -c
oldfile.c newfile.c') are prefered.  Please include an explicit public
domain notice in your code.


Porting

If you are currently porting, or wish to port, XMSGAPI to other
compilers operating environments, you may wish to contact Andrew via the
above channels.


Obtaining XMSGAPI

The latest release of XMSGAPI is currently available at
http://blizzard.dnsalias.org/fidonet/xmsgapi/
